Python is a popular programming language.
Python can be used on a server to create web applications.
Created by Guido Van Rossum & released in 1991.
Used for:
    - web development (server side)
    - software development
    - mathematics
    - system scripting
    - create workflows
    - connect database systems
    - handle big data & perform complex mathematics
    - rapid prototyping, production ready software development

Works on different platforms (Windows, Mac, Linux, Raspberry Pi etc.)
Simple syntax
runs on an interpreter system
object-oriented or functional way
recent version is Python 3
Python designed for readability, uses few lines to complete a command,
    relies on indentation, using whitespace, to define scope such as scope of loops,
    functions and classes.

Python syntax can be executed directly by writing in the Command Line or by
    creating a python file on the server, using the .py file extension and running
    it in the Command Line.

Python indentation refers to the spaces at the beginning of a code line.
Python uses indentation to indicate a block of code.
variables are created when you assign a value to it
Python has no command for declaring a variable
comments start with a # in python

instructions given to a computer to be executed are called statements in programming.

Python statements usually ends with the line ends, no need to use a semicolon but
to write multiple statements on one line you need to use semicolon to seperate them.



========
What is a Module?
Consider a module to be the same as a code library.

A file containing a set of functions you want to include in your application.
To create a module just save the code you want in a file with the file extension .py:
Note: When using a function from a module, use the syntax: module_name.function_name.

Variables in Module
The module can contain functions, as already described, but also variables of all types (arrays, dictionaries, objects etc):

Naming a Module
You can name the module file whatever you like, but it must have the file extension .py

Re-naming a Module
You can create an alias when you import a module, by using the as keyword:

Built-in Modules
There are several built-in modules in Python, which you can import whenever you like.

Using the dir() Function
There is a built-in function to list all the function names (or variable names) in a module. The dir() function:

Note: The dir() function can be used on all modules, also the ones you create yourself.

Import From Module
You can choose to import only parts from a module, by using the from keyword.

